Add API documentation (#345)
containous/maesh: docs/content/api.md

# API

Maesh includes a built-in API that can be used for debugging purposes.
This can be useful when Maesh is not working as intended.
The API is accessed via the controller pod, and for security reasons is not exposed via service.
The API can be accessed by making a `GET` request to `http://<control pod IP>:9000` combined with one of the following paths:

## `/api/configuration/current`

This endpoint provides raw json of the current configuration built by the controller.

!!! Note
    This may change each request, as it is a live data structure.

## `/api/status/nodes`

This endpoint provides a json array containing some details about the readiness of the Maesh nodes visible by the controller
This endpoint will still return a 200 if there are no visible nodes.

> ## `/api/status/node/{node}/configuration`

Reviewer: Not convinced by this change, but I would be nice if we had a hint about using the pod name directly.

```suggestion
## `/api/status/node/{maesh-pod-name}/configuration`
```

This endpoint provides raw json of the current configuration on the Maesh node with the pod name given in `{node}`.
This endpoint provides a 404 response if the pod cannot be found, or other non-200 status codes on other errors.
If errors are encountered, the error will be returned in the body, and logged on the controller.

## `/api/status/readiness`

> This endpoint returns a 200 response if the controller successfully deployed a configuration to a Maesh node, and Maesh is ready for use.

Reviewer: WDYT ?

```suggestion
This endpoint returns a 200 response if the controller successfully deployed a configuration to all Maesh nodes, and Maesh is ready for use.
```

Otherwise, it will return a 500.

> ## `/api/log/deploylog`

Reviewer: `/api/log/deploylog` feels a bit redundant to me.
I'm asking a feature here haha, but WDYT of `/api/log` or `/api/log/deployment` instead ?

Reviewer 2: Agree on that
